ok
[Music]
here we
go the here perform for you you know the
words you can join in put your hands
Together if
you as Take through this mony
[Music]
rykey
dkey Kong heer of the bunch you know him
well Finally back to ki ta his Coconut
gum can and sps If he shoots It's gna hurt
He's bigger faster and stronger too
He's the First member of the dk Crew
dkey Kong
iskey Kong
Hey Donkey Kong is here
Ok Donkey
Donkey
[Music]
link si to suit her She quick and When
She needs to be She can flo through the air
and clim up if you choose her choose
wrong with skip H She's co
[Applause]
[Music]
Donkey Kong is here
dkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here he has no Style
he has no Grace
this K has a funny Face he can hand
when he needs to and stretch his
Arms out Just for you inflate himself
just like a balloon this crazy
[Music]
Donkey
Kong  Donkey Kong is
here Donkey
Kong Donkey  Kong is ok
[Music] Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong
iske
[Music] Kong Donkey
Kong is he Back Again and
about time to and this Time He's in the
mo he can fly with Jet with his pistols out
he tough he'll Make You Smile when
he his Tun but kemin beware cuse He's
after
you Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here
d Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is H Finally He's here
for you It's The Last member of the dk
Crew this so  strong it isn't funny can
make ain Cry out for mmy can't pick up a b
with relative ease makes crushing
Rocks seem such a bree he May move Slow
he can't jump High but this comes Hell
Of Ay Come on cranky take it to the
fridge
walut peut pineapp
smell meles and Coconut shell Oh yeah
walnuts peut pineapple
smells melons oranges and Coconut shell
walnuts peut pell
melons oranges and Coconut shell Oh yeah
Walnut peut pineapp
smell mut
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
SP Oh
[Applause] [
Music]
in
[Music] he he he he Hey he he Hey he he
[Music]
bien fuero
[Applause]
[Music]
Oregon
you my
[Music]
ye
Oh
[Music]
he
ye ye
[Music]
e
he
[Music]
w
Ok here we Go the here
for you if you know the
words you can join to put your hands
Together if you want as we Take through
this Monkey rke
[Music]
Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong He's the leader of the
bunch you know him well He's Finally back
to Kick some ta his Coconut gum can
Fire And sps  If he shoots you It's gna
hurt He's bigger  faster and stronger too
He's the First member of the dk Crew Donkey
Kong
tk Donkey Kong is here
tk Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is here
[Music]
so ready up can shink in size to suit her
She quick and When She needs to be She
can FL through the air
and if you choose
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Good evening how are you family
well well well well well well
several gossip that we have here several
gossip that we have here first of all have you
eaten well What has delox done
now Well what delo has done is
talk about his lawsuit against
turboplane that delox sued
Turbo plan Because turboplane made several
videos saying that he was the biggest
scammer on the internet apart from that with
insults and some other things Okay
so there were a lot of people who
made fun of this lawsuit saying
where is Where is serene cara with the
lawsuit
surely a guaiac kiss
Thank you very much there were a lot of people who
made fun of the subject of this lawsuit
where was  that it was a hoax that it was a
lie and with this lawsuit what happened
was
that he doesn't live in Spain so the
lawsuit is filed uh in a place where he
can be notified okay in this case in
the lawyer's city Okay so
this time the trial the court sorry
Better said well he says no that it can't
be there it has to be at the
defendant's address and since the defendant is not in
Spain no sorry since the plaintiff
is not in Spain Well at the defendant's address
or so it doesn't make any sense
whatsoever it doesn't make any sense whatsoever okay what they've been
doing with the
trials man I mean
a year has gone by and
turboplane a couple of months ago it came out
that a person that I sued had
just received the lawsuit there's one that I
sued before summer in May something
like that the one that still hasn't received the
lawsuit I want to file a second one and
the first one hasn't arrived Lolly Huertas
received the lawsuit in July that I
filed it in November or so this is very like this
this is very
like this normally there are few cases in which it
goes quickly suddenly one person
sues another and two months later a month
okay or so  if everything works great and the
entire address is fine or there isn't
a single one but it's very
rare all the Latin members This is
the time to like Jai we're doing very
well latan Well latan is all Not all
the kids are llatan no the other day they
told us that all the kids were
latan no practically Well what
happened Well there's news that apparently
both courts have already been clarified
Because the one in the city of
turboplane has reached the supreme court
trust you laziness hasn't reached
the supreme court and the supreme court Well it has
decided Well here or there not and now it
begins now the procedure begins
or in other words now the court collects the
lawsuit has just collected the lawsuit the
court that has decided and now is
when they send it to
turboplane to a youtuber called
turboplane to another who is laserland with
laserland well we'll get along and everything's
fine in the end I think that by talking
people understand each other you did
n't talk or people understood each other or
anything like that I mean You simply got
involved with the Dallas you  you became obsessed with
Dallas and then you considered
dropping the lawsuits against the people who
had called you a
scammer because those people who
have called you a scammer have done so
since you got together with Dallas
so you go a little bit more you
lacked begging them to ask you Sorry
okay I have picked it up here but since it
is your opinion and your opinion I do not care I do not
care the problem is when you who
previously contacted
them also before taking cl I I
look I always try to mediate and and with
Daras I tried to mediate with everyone I
try to mediate eh Not because I am a coward
but because I am a peaceful person who
seeks conciliation who seeks
dialogue that I think that when you reach a
certain age you understand that people
talking understand each other and that in the end Well
I can understand that they agree on this
okay because the issue
look you not what we are talking about that
a year ago and now
the procedure begins no then The
last thing is to sue always okay a
lawsuit has to be there are people who
file them for media issues eh There are people who
have filed lawsuits to say  look look
I was right the father
my mother's family suing Dallas for
insults no and because he posted a picture no and
then it was like look look look look you
know it's like well anyway I see it as
something that is very lazy and that ties you in a
certain way with that one with with the
opposite more than I mean when I have
a conflict with someone what I want is for
the conflict to cool down I mean I
'm fighting with a person I
fight with Cel and what I want is
distance if I sue Cel I'm going to
be 5 6 7 years I don't even know how long
having something with Cel when Maybe
in a year and a half it will be over we will
meet up [ __ ] gosh what you told me
a hug come on a beer You know why
because in the end we don't act the same when
we're angry as when we're
cold I mean there are a lot of people that give me
a little ual the fights that I may have
had with him Damn it happened to me with Dross with
Dross the piece of [ __ ] war that
we had and when a year and a half passed eh
I spoke  with danan because I don't remember
why it was and now through talking to
danan he told me Hey do you want to talk to Dr.
Dr. you talk and I don't know what And I did
because I'm not angry anymore, don't be, I don't care anymore you know I don't
feel the
same as at that moment
time has passed you know but of course now you file
a lawsuit for that the lawsuits would be so that they
acted suddenly I mean you, you, you
sue a person who has
defamed you and a month and a half later I see you in
court and a sentence comes out and there is a
punishment but of course in 2 years 3 years
man tell me when
things can be fixed better Hey, remove the
[ __ ] video This video really bothers me
remove it or answer whatever no maybe
misinformed and made its
content and they didn't have a bad
intention behind it Of course but of course here are
the few things he needs to beg
others to apologize when the
others had no intention whatsoever Good
night dear and respected sir it's not
as shameful to see what the
fake one became This is a [ __ ] mask in time
we realized it seems to me his
true face without
more the shame that gives us the shame that gives me
is having given him attention having given him you
know notoriety because you want it or not that he
has won it he was a Random he was an
unknown
eh the only one who has won a fight with a
drone Well they are still throwing it in my
face that he spends it with him
like clo I mean if I asked for
forgiveness in what hurt me the rest you
know a little he gave his explanations
I give mine but let's see I
understand that once with the
lawsuit filed okay if the others
ask you for forgiveness and eliminate and all that stuff you
drop the lawsuit I understand that it is
better than going to a procedure is
that you risk and if you do not win and on top of that you
have to pay the costs to the guy
who has insulted you you know but but
well one thing that you risk not
also when you file the lawsuits but
of course asking for forgiveness is that here
delox is forcing the role he was
begging him
eh that they approach him to ask him
sorry before my proposal of e
guys please take this off because you
are defaming me Simply because I
was linked to Dallas they laughed at me making fun of
me they kept insisting
etcetera today I see that little by little they are
realizing that they were
wrong and This was a lie neither
of them had picked up cable not
even laser len or rather laser len did not
ask for forgiveness The only thing he did was
do a live with him and take advantage
of the virality of that moment I mean no no
no take him take an interview with him
at the moment in which delos was in
the eye of the
controversy okay there was not even an sorry
because you say at least
well at least he apologized no no no
no he deleted the videos
the subs were already removed the Twitter account had been
suspended I mean there was nothing he
took it off for free he took it off
Simply because look because now I
am against Dallas I also do not care
that you called me a scammer do
not call me better but Turbo plan is
still maintained to this day and in what he
says come on this This was  recently
Look, we'll see, in principle I have no
problem going to court with him, in
principle yes, we'll see, in principle I
have no problem going to court
with him September is this look, in principle
if he wants to negotiate then fine
but in principle I have nothing I mean I'm
not afraid of going to court because of what I
said I said that he had price
orbus the news is on the internet if
not if he hasn't reported the media that
put that on there that's it I'm not going to
keep messing with him Well I think it's been
seen that I'm not going to keep messing with
him I no longer have any need but
I'm not stupid either I'm not going to take it and
now that of course now that
the move has gone wrong for him, take it and say yes Well
now we're friends man I can be
good people but not idiots you
know what I'm telling you, we'll see, I
mean This was in September, he
maintains it and in fact when delox was
saying these things here and and I say it
openly if they rectify they delete
that content if they rectify they delete
that content the other the other didn't
rectify anything eh I mean the other goo the
content already  I had deleted it he
removed it without further ado he accepted the proposal
because man he was afraid of the lawsuit And
then without further ado he removed it and
apologized there is no need for me to
apologize or even
an apology dude nothing nothing nothing he
took it off because yes they humiliate themselves just
say we made a mistake with delox Okay
We have gone too far I
wrote the complaint I have no
problem especially in the Sorry sorry
especially in the gossip channels it is
important to clarify the information and not
say he is yes maybe I know
Apparently
supposedly clear
Well this was delox's reaction
Uy from delox from
turboplane delo has unblocked me you know
what delos forgot to ask him please
Hey can I remove the lawsuit please
Twitter because before he had me blocked
on Twitter and now suddenly when he
had this problem with Dallas he
unblocked me and offers me the opportunity
to negotiate and to apologize I
mean this seems impressive to me I
mean the guy okay he's right about
Dallas no but I mean the guy calls
others scammers or rather  he does like The
vigilante having all the [ __ ] he
has behind him And now suddenly he wants
me to apologize or something or something like let's
see delox By the way I realized
that
delox total that the lawsuit is already
underway and very well In fact with the serl
good relationship today and with turbo
plan I sued him Sorry I always get
confused I sued him more than a year ago
more than a year ago I sued him just
recently yesterday yesterday literally yesterday or the day before
yesterday it came to me that on the 19th of this
month okay they had
finally accepted uh it had
been resolved where the
lawsuit had to go Because first they got confused
they said that uh where we had
sued him they wouldn't accept it eh Because
they said that they didn't declare themselves
incompetent they moved it they moved it to
another place Then the other site said
no that they were incompetent and the
competent one was the one that had first
said that it was incompetent so you
have to ask them to come to a [ __ ]
agreement not once and for all then
that was sent to another site and finally
after many months no more than  a
year waiting eh It has already been accepted where it
goes and today it surely hasn't
arrived yet because now is when
the process would begin that began a
year ago of course It's going very slow I also tell you it's
been so long that
I was talking about this with the lawyer who was
handling that case and I told him man it's that I
'm not even angry anymore it's like Okay what he
's done is superm let's go
defend ourselves unless he wants to reach
an agreement not like it was reached with with
the derlen of man I'll delete these videos
in which I'm clearly defaming you
and that's it no because in the end damn If you
call me the biggest scammer of all
time As you can understand I'm going to
sue you but that's it no And obviously
this is very very slow so imagine
This is a [ __ ] pain the truth is that it is
a [ __ ] pain the issue of the
[Music]
lawsuit and well we have another excerpt
also about delox And it is that he has been
using Dallas again to have
financial problems or rather suddenly
delox came out I don't understand why
because I was like very quiet I was
like  that he didn't say anything to Dallas,
everyone does their own thing, okay, he didn't say anything
about Serene being a
lie, no, since you moved it, at
least I came out of the host, I
ate it, he didn't say anything about the
hitmen that
raed invented, since he spread it and you put a
tweet and all that stuff, at least you should have come
out and said, Hey, this
guy, this one is in jail,
this one is in jail, this one
is a convict and this guy does
have legal problems, right, and he
got me into this troll when he fought
with Dallas and I ate it. No, he didn't
say anything either about Ricky not having a
restraining order, that's also something he
moved, okay, listen, at least there's nothing to say. It
turns out that Ricky lied to us, that he did
n't have a restraining order
or anything, well, neither. He didn't say anything
about, he didn't say anything either about the
complaint, not the famous complaint from
September, not the class action lawsuit for
Dallas
either, but come on, neither him nor all the
that they talk to him or all the
channels that gave him the ball, I
mean, you know So I don't know before that before
coming with these with what we're going to
see now
[Music] I know You would
n't have
clarified the loose ends that you've left out
there, not really, but not only the loose ends that you
've left out there It's that
in addition to the
loose ends that I don't know the truth is in the end what
I told you from the first moment, no, let's
see all this delox does it responding
to this tweet it's a
NF tweet in which he shares that lizy
is selling clothes on vinted okay she
has a vintage account and she's
selling clothes
HM Let's see Look, incai is saying it here,
several
people are also saying it, no I mean, imagine a
fashion designer who keeps everything she has,
all the products she
reviews, all the clothes she
reviews, I mean, she would have the closet,
imagine no, it's quite common In
fact, around here they also give the
example of technology Look, technology,
that is, a person who reviews
technology things, well, it's very common for them to
have a wallapop  or
something where they sell things why well
look they recover it there they
resell it they buy other things whatever
you want it to be whatever you want it to be they
can do it okay I mean it's no problem no Well
nothing else and it seems that
liy is bankrupt because she's
selling clothes that she doesn't
wear it hurts her ego to have lost
being Willyrex's dog well he
also had pets no for example the
gbel well you tell me that they have to
mess with the
girl because she's selling clothes or I mean how
bad What harm is she doing to anyone
to also mess with this Okay so
suddenly potato Dallas isn't
messing with anyone he's not causing
controversy but suddenly Well nothing is worth it
but it's not that they are attacking it's that they
are attacking lisy to attack
Dallas dude right now there is
absolutely nothing about Dallas he is making
content I don't even know what because I don't watch
the videos but since it's not gossip they are not
controversies I have not seen I think they are
atio reactions and that type of things no and
sometimes talking about something viral
like what happened with what  de la Dana no Well there
are still some trying to give their
last breath there man no let's see if I
can no man there are some
gossip channels that aren't talking about Dallas and
he's still doing great on visit
no I don't know the truth I mean but of course no no no I don't
understand now it doesn't make
sense no So delox shows up and
says does this have something to do with what is
said is said Of course said of course said said it was said that
the police stations
in Andorra closed at three it was
said that if da stepped foot in Andorra they
would have him at the
door unless it was at a time
outside of when it opened I
mean it's all been so absurdly childish
and there have been so many people who have given into
the nonsense that
this Ricky and the r have invented that I'm really
amazed that this is happening now like no
well Okay does this have something to do with the fact that it is
said that Dallas's
PayPal and the
bank account of his company in Estonia were blocked well
this is
said that his
PayPal was blocked and and this has to  see with
liis selling
clothes and
serene where the [ __ ] is serene And well
then remind you that a few
days ago Well he was also saying in his
live that he still held anger
towards Dallas and that he would like to hit him
eh I don't care, for me all this
is show business, I mean, no, I don't
give a damn, I don't care about anyone, I don't know if I can
explain myself there are very few people the
only person who would say to you wow, how disgusting it would be to
see him is Dallas you know eh
but but but Dallas is a scam Well
a Prado of course but that guy that guy doesn't
have it He doesn't have the balls to enter Andorra you
know but for the rest and then it makes me
laugh it makes me laugh his his clan is that
I've always said what level of
mental retardation these
[ __ ] bees have extreme extreme the maximum that one yes they
have all the npts of retardation
but they have them in their DNA no these have to be
made some retards but
with the bees and they have to and You
know what makes me laugh When I see
there that it hasn't been a rull it has been that they have
tossed the coin again those of  I
say me but
[ __ ] he says they say over here he says the
bidal delox simp plan metc the evening no
me I would only fight in the evening against
Dallas only against Dallas well we already
saw this No that he said something like he is the
only person to whom I would give six
months of my time I would stop my life
to prepare but more than anything because that is
the only person who genuinely if they
let me beat him up eh without you know without it
being a crime I explain r because in the
end in boxing I can beat his face up You
know I ask I accept the fight in the
evening against Dallas with the only
condition that it be without a helmet because I will
kill him and why don't you do the meme
that is much better than the I don't care
what they want whoever they want I
learn whatever discipline it is in
months I don't care I don't have
any problem well let's see
Well here Ricky would say take a complaint
no my goodness the obsessions kid and
well eh Now let's see a video
that Uncle Sur uploaded
eh about Mirica that the truth is I have
put here to see because I think it will
surely be a pretty
interesting video no milica is a person
who is being talked about a lot
lately recently we were having a
conflict not that we had because I published
a click that people on Twitter
were telling me it was because of Juan but it turns
out it was because of cocu because of the
bathroom instead of the bed
anyway that controversy but it is true
that lately well, it seems like there is
a lot more talk about her Because well
because she has been not only because of
the photo with Juan which is also not
important not the photo that was taken in
Juan's bed stew the mythical bed but also well she has
been with cocu there are
many rumors about her about many
matters no so also with this I am
a little interested to see what the thing is about
or rather Who is where does it come from suddenly
the growth of an internet figure
is something that we can detail little by little
due to their hard work on networks looking for
followers that allow them to stay
in the public eye and thus gain
popularity however it is not the only
way to grow since there are people who
when they know that one that has already grown
take advantage of their fame to make themselves known
but there are times when [ __ ] How has
Ya carch put eh How has
carch from Busca fama put no this is so
obvious and obvious with bad
intentions that these people are usually labeled
as ca Partner That is the case
of pum lawsuit dude listen to me they
are defending that in the lawsuit eh that
is that I have told her house partner or I have
said that she is a house partner you
know it's as if she herself has made videos
that is what we are defending
not if she herself has made
videos saying that she is a house Partner
but if she made a roas which is something that was
not taken into account in the sentence that is why that is why she
appealed less because among
other things
She made a roas a roas I don't know if you
remember the song that she made to herself
singing to her she has pointed out taking advantage of the
rise of certain streamers to
boost her own career today we will see
the story behind milica but I mean
her career her career is only fan
no her career is only fan No she she
does Stream too I mean she takes advantage she
gains viewers with Stream or what she is
gaining is fame and for  so
subscribers on olifan scam or look for
fame you just said it was my fault I
lower it because then people
make fun of me No, she is not a fada it
bothers me that people All the time
watch the video and solve your doubts Okay
it is difficult to identify who is
milica mainly because when searching for her
by herself on the different
platforms she will always appear
with someone else however to
guide us we will use her Twitch bio
that says Hello I am good because there she
has already told us something no I mean every time she
appears on networks she appears with
someone else by herself she is nobody no
Ibez they call me milica I am a twitterer
known for the Pikachu costume and for
spamming mendia everywhere Hahaha
I am 21 years old and I live with four cats
that are huevardo nala shira and Itachi and
a guinea pig named Morita milik
mentions the Pikachu costume since
she has a photo that would go
viral where she appears dressed as Pikachu she
mentions that she is a twitterer and when
checking her Twitter  we can see that she has been
on this platform since
2015 and that what she initially uploaded
were memes and the occasional personal photo,
this at least in her first three years
on the platform since little by little and
being a minor she uploaded photos in a
bathing suit that helped her gain
interaction, something that she continued to apply over
the years and that in fact
was escalating to a slightly more
provocative tone with the passage of time, one
of her first interactions at least
with some man. Of course, if you're
telling me that she's 21 now and that account
is from 2015, the account started in 2015, damn, are
we talking, [ __ ], are we talking a lot of
years,
we're not talking about 9
years? I curse the [ __ ] thing. How old was she?
How old was she? How old was she
when she started uploading that photo, those types of
photos? South with respect, but it doesn't come out
like the videos of a certain Javi
Oliveira, there are levels, sir, lukewarm respect.
No, I don't like those types of comments, I don't like them.
I don't [ __ ] with you, we're watching
a video here of a famous friend,
uploaded it, that guy uploaded it  of photos at 14
years old no no 12 no let's see if she's 21 Let's say
when the account was created she was
12 Let's
say a couple of years old or one or three I don't
know where to start uploading the photo, I mean like
no we can't
see with kcu who She even
put a comment that helped her
position herself even more on Twitter, this
added to participations with streamers
like Sant tutu who has 700,000
subscribers on YouTube and who has a
video of a date with her Santiago
nice to meet you delighted you are Are you
happy How are you please Tell me
a little bit How are you Look how she's
dressed I made myself look presentable
Divine No she doesn't wash her clothes before saying
that she's handsome that's why she has a stain
all this led to milik starting to
stream on Twitch since
2020 having an average of approximately
100 viewers at the beginning of her career on
this platform and although she had some
peaks in some months her average during
2021 2022 and 2023 did not exceed  350
viewers and events like the parense in which she
participated as a boxer did not
help her grow much at least on
Twitch debating the center of the ring
It seems to be something important watch out for this one
from Milica She hits and comes out she takes hers and
comes out and Mili seems to be
touched and it is here where one of the
interactions that boosted her the most was with
Agus neta an Argentine streamer with
soccer content that brought an average
of 2000 viewers per month in which it was
2023 and part of the year 2024 this action of
both It occurred through Twitter in a
response she gave to a tweet of
his this was confirmed to Gus neta in an
interview on Mike's Channel the
evil machine thing about Mini started as a
joke that did go away also had a lot of
virality it started as a joke because on
January 1st I put happy
new year I don't know what who is up for an all
you can eat to go out an all you can eat
story that one uploaded a tweet
like that to [ __ ] with and she answered me did you
see how I said  casap parneo pure no but
look at the face this kid has I
mean I don't know who he is he has a lot of
followers Sure
but Hahaha and I close if he tells me he
's writing to David Vial well
damn he likes it or whatever no but of
course you have to see it What's up and he
started following me on both instagram and
twitter this interaction to sack Paco
hunting a FIFA of course hunting a
FIFA but let's hunt someone let's see I
don't know who the kid is I don't want to
disrespect him or make him feel attacked
but of course it's a little bit I don't take it to be
very striking he's not a very
striking kid you guys will play Minecraft and
start some kind of Adventure
together in the game it's getting
dark and I'm scared of monsters
eh What difficulty did you set it on ah eh I
set it on hard me what am I doing Ah look
back I have a little tail Ah you're a
cat and why And you're a
Peruvian because on the internet Agus's public really
started shipping them and This
was something that made  will continue
making content together Penguin I don't
play the penguins yes no I also played it
very little but
yes once I had a girlfriend in Club
Penguin she was my only girlfriend Ah Yes they were
all highlighted I remember that all
the time she wanted to be my Ten The
little signs talking to me nobody told me
but the context of these first
interactions would be different from what
many thought since several of
Agneta's followers began to say
that Milica was interacting with him
just to get views eh I tell him about
doing a Stream tip he comes out of doing a
Stream when obviously what everyone was seeing is
not doing a Stream
had gone very well for him and there we
both decided to keep doing it and
she didn't stream Aba at that moment I didn't
stream I mean I only came from being a
guest on my channel if it's true that
she had already become quite well known
because she was a streamer for 3 years she
had also fought in the handstand
So she was already gaining
quite a bit of popularity again and I
had invited her and then that thing about
playing Minecraft came out Have
different content we both started doing everything
on my channel and she started learning
Stream there  a lot of people put started the
Stream realize that she wants numbers she
wants followers etcetera you see why
people said how it was very strange just
out of nowhere She returns to the Stream when
Come back with me agneta commented that on one
occasion that milica did Stream with her ex
several of his Followers went
to attack her since many thought that it
was a relationship between them one Thursday they
do Stream with me in person a
whole story is born in the people you to the
other the next week do a Stream with
your ex I am not saying that it is justified
that they insult him clearly it will always be
wrong to insult her that they tequen
But what I had sent her as a
small spoiler milica is Look for fame Yes
but this the streamers did not give a
damn Hahaha neither the [ __ ] that the
business was more Redondo than mayinbu let's
see if they enjoyed letting themselves be
cas parne ar well Ok but I have the
feeling that for example from this
guy she got everything she could and he did not
get anything in
return she in an audio was what do you expect
that they are going to  to put you understand people I'm not
saying that it's okay to insult him but they're
not going to enter the Stream to put it
What a good relationship you and your
ex have I hope they last and that the [ __ ]
bus driver is stupid you understand what I'm saying it's
very difficult for Stream let's see You have to
be Clear She sold a species
well the two of them sold a species like
we sold a species of novel You're going to
cut it off So it's obvious that they're going to tell you they're going to
screw you Exactly ag uneta commented
that milica contacted him privately for
this situation he comments that she blamed
him for everything and that he does the same with
all women to me what I didn't
like about her and because I ended a
little bit bad with her is that she
put all the blame on me after those
streams she sends me a message telling me
that it's my fault that I sent to the
community that I sent to say that this
because I do the same with all
women and because since I do everything the
same it's obvious that they're going to say everything to her it
's obvious that they're going to  go
insult him and they're going to talk to him and I
honestly don't no no I never have the intention
at any time first of all
because when that stre happened I was
on Stream I mean yes I was on Stream you
understand what I'm saying it's not that I
was putting it maybe in my house I saw
the Stream that she was on with him and I said
Uy now I send people to insult her and
tell her that she's an I'm going to do that I mean how
in my head would it fit me to
do that And the thing is that milica on Twitter
made a post where she said that Agus neta does
n't stop playing the victim that he didn't
contact her and criticized the tweet that I
was quoting in which if he hasn't
done anything I mean he has blamed
him no neta she put in synthesis that the same thing she
did the other day with cocu you realize you realize
the pattern I mean
people always tend to have the
same way of acting when you know
a person you see it coming
someone better always comes into your life and that whatever it
is that doesn't do you good is not for
you I put it always comes  someone better
etcetera but it wasn't intended for
anyone in particular summary of Javi yuki
the FIFA kid Of course I don't even support the bastard
That on top of that it was for nothing a disappointment for nothing
you made a girl famous for nothing you got
upset for nothing and F you the
poor guy's little face be sincerely and that
the face milica quoted him and responded to him
had many more interactions hers Had
more arrival hers and nothing she
quoted him putting this guy keeps
playing the victim but he doesn't get a
message on WhatsApp or anything two days
without answering me then throws these
cuckold tws It makes me sick to see that
Obviously no no I didn't like it a little
because it was something about privacy
the messages whether you like it or not and also because
I hadn't named her in the tweet it's not
that I had posted a tweet or rather
by naming them they cut off at this point
any type of contact at least in
front of the public and we would now see
milica with tomas masa with whom she had
a small period of collaborations How
are you It's like she jumps from group to
group Not her now  for example right now
like with czu and the czu group
and she's there and with the
good group She's also with alana a lot I
don't think it's the first time we've
seen each other she made me some tea and gave me a B it has
a little honey It didn't sound better this also
allowed milica to gain a new
audience that admitted to knowing her just
for having been with thoms matza a few
months later we saw her interact with
kku with whom she would collaborate on a
dating video with the format of the next program is
entry Itachi you have Hi friend it's not worth
saying friend here we have to roleplay boyfriend let's
see start roleplaying my love eh well
thank you I took a bath and I cut my hair look
all these interactions allowed her to
raise her average viewers
considerably reaching an
average of approximately 100 viewers in
what has been
2024 during the celebrations Ah well
look like us Hey listen to me like
us like us
eh Let's see I have sold myself a lot to
you too I tell you eh house Partner
of tutorial of what kend from Halloween
milica  she was invited to an
in-person event organized by amablitz it was
more of a party apart from milik
other influencers were invited
including Juan Guarnizo who starred in a
very viral clip in which we can see him
with Milica Juan so you can
find them on your social networks loj Juan
there was [ __ ] 100% eh with Juan The
stud 100%
eha Nico chalk they agree on the
costume they go accompanied eh and the girl in
her bed well it doesn't make any more sense I
mean you that no that no that no that no
at what moment do you go with your friend to your
room to
bed to bed or rather he has you have a
living room I mean have you seen Juan Guarnizo's house
the huge living room he had he has
spaces everywhere that in
any case you have to go that you have to
go where to the studio
no that no that no I mean go to bed and
apart from that no that no that no
man who danced the guaca in bed in
the beautiful bed so famous bed that is that  I'm going
up to the
second floor and we have this little machine that is
n't put together properly because
workers came up and down today so they sort of
pushed it over here We also have the
Back to the Future skateboard, the ref cate
that doesn't go here goes in the studio but
the studio is being set up nice then the
master bedroom I think I had already
shown it it looks
incredible uh it was left
Come on in And these paintings which is because they
are setting up the studio So I have
n't been able to finish there that sofa
also goes in the studio and first
spoiler of the studio There it goes there it goes
supposedly it could be
finished tomorrow but it's just a
little while ago wow what a big house dude what a big house
dude
What a nice bed Juan always has Jen a
kiss What a nice bed he always has eh And
[Music]
that's how I realized that Jose
the wall was a little dodgy no I
don't want to say anything because I say they're going to
call me envious but the wall was a
little poorly plastered
no Hi, I am I have I have to say my
age everything
not the important thing  From the previous clip that we
saw was what happened after the
party and it is that Milica published some
photos where she was linked to the
bed and Juan's dog in the chat it
has because she was in Juan's bed the
thing about the subject this is Juan's dog
see this mark that is here yes it has
a little mark
eye In what context can she take her to
bed in what context do you know that there is no
other talking about a mansion what happened with
the mansion that Juan and
Hari were building together is that
not the it is not the same house is it the
same
no Ah it is not the
same yes no no it is not the same then
with the the house is not finished yet
or rather This is another house that
Juan bought the other one was bigger no the other one
was more like a mansion Not much for one
person and already going up on the second
floor we have this little machine that is not
well placed because today How pretty it is
not the same then the other one
will sell it and divide it of course I
imagine it will sell it and it will be
divided but let's see how how is it possible let's
see Change the previous photo
please again Don't [ __ ] around
Tom for
please I'm done Dear [ __ ] your mother
How didn't you learn he's lying on top
of the dog How is this possible yes he sleeps
on top of the dog yes he's on top of the
dog the photo was taken on purpose so it would
go viral and so people would
comment okay And the photo was taken with
all the law the dog is on its side
like this no I mean it's not on its side or rather what's on
top are the bangs Yeah This
is the mark on the dog side like this yo
yo When I just saw this photo the first
time I thought it was a coit but And now that they
killed me the photo of the dog
hospitalista buys a good bed
for someone else to use with the woman
XD [ __ ] But that's not what it has
where did you get that from [ __ ] eh
yes the one who has taken another Ari and
Juan decided to sell the houses they both
bought a new house balls we saw it
here that each one bought a new house we
saw it here I don't I don't remember that that
each one bought a
new house we saw it here well look at you that I have
not kept that the things
that  I see at the end of the day I'm crazy No,
what I had in mind was what I took
for granted that he had stayed with me I don't
know why I had that in
mind the alim no but I mean we've
seen it here that each one bought a
house It's that I just found out that Ari
bought a
house with the
tambos brand When you're just with someone you let them
take pictures with your dogs
well they are a good pair of dogs
this made milica a
comment by tomy casillo but
that comment by tomy casillo has already
passed he snuck it in there like someone knows
but he took out the comment as very not
pointed out by many for according to them having
messed with Juan a situation that
frustrated some people Juan no No
brother
Noa has already been through there No brother Yes, yes,
yes Don't be a jerk I think that video
already has like 40,000 views on
gossip what did you eat Yes, yes, yes,
very good something that made this topic
take more shape was a live stream from milik
with kku in which the latter spoke to him
about the subject of chipping mentioning
That  she herself was the one who created them
remembering an episode of a photo that was
taken in coscu's bathroom something that
milik didn't like there is no tension it's like
your little brother and he blames cco eh he
blames cco men literally I feel like she's
my younger sister Marto it's just that she's
trolling you no dude but it's that I
could with milica because on top of that milica
paints her out of nowhere took a photo in the
bathroom and clicks that we already talked about it if
you don't explain it well in the Stream
later people don't understand why
koku has a bunch of boots in the Setup I mean
what are they boots that he no longer wears
or or he
puts them on and has the shoe rack in the background in the
Setup I don't understand it much I mean
why do you put the shoe rack around
the screen Put figures books and things like that they are
not collectible Ah they are
collectible but I mean you buy boots
that you don't
wear people save me for me
boot culture I didn't know that I do not know that
you love to wash your hands stories
in the bathroom at the entrance of  your house I uploaded
a million times the day we did the
egg thing the times I went I have a
picture it's there and upload one ah No
How are you going to upload that picture no just that
week they had me in point that
shitty community what they did was make a
kilombo they're like func but with
churros Let's see it's not Let's see I don't know look
Hey well I like the ones that by the
way I'm thinking of selling them and
getting rid of everything in the middle eh I mean I
realized I said it the other day I don't
remember if it was on tel salseo here but I
realized that I've lost my
mind and it's gotten out of hand buying
[ __ ]
and now this year I don't know when when I
get the itch but I want to give
the Setup a try completely like I'm
going to change the furniture I'm going to
put it in a forty-something way let's see in a
forty-something way but a little bit with less
dolls and less saes And now what the hell am
I going to do with everything if I don't have another
place in the house to put
dolls Li to bring me that guy  the one that
Li to bring me that one is from
Paris eh that one from Disneyland Paris eh it
was in a display window the one I tied up to
bring it to me eh And it has the tag on it I didn't take
it off Look at this
Ariel I don't know what I'm doing man a kiss Lauti very
handsome Thank you very much
Well I don't know what to do man I
've always said no what I wouldn't sell the
collection but what the [ __ ] do I do I
put it in my balls The truth is that it
bothers me because now what I want to do
is take the room and give it a clean
sweep and completely new eh zup
completely new new furniture and maybe
another different touch you know what hasn't it been
like again what hasn't it been
like again you know Yes a little more
serious a more serious touch no no old
obviously but a touch No it's not that I'm
ashamed witch not at all at all
J yes I have it tattooed daughter the dolls
I do love them you know
but it's that I'm not going to put the
same thing back I'm not going to put the same thing back of
course something a little more minimalist Nicole
Exactly the only thing  I'll
probably leave it there, it will probably be the background paper, I'm
not going to remove that,
but what the hell am I going to do, bu this? This
can be sold, it can be made vintage,
like what we've seen before that
Elis did with clothes, I mean,
trust me, what I have here, uh, what I have
here is [ __ ] crazy, uh,
look here, uh,
just one, two, and three, put an
average of 300 each, so between
these three figures they're worth 1000
euros, all three figures are worth 1000 euros, then
here's another one, also the
Aladdin one that you never see, but that one cost
a hundred and something too, if I'm not mistaken,
then here everything that's here on the
shelf, man, there's some things that I would
keep, others that I wouldn't, really. I mean,
the Disneyland heels collection,
the
Disney Infinity figures collection, man. How much
money is there, I mean, are each one worth it? I do
n't remember how much they cost. I think
some were worth less, maybe they were
worth 10 and I think there were  others that
were more expensive that maybe were worth 20
20 and something I don't know maybe I'm
making it up eh but I think
that yes, about 20 yes that I saw each
Disney Infinity figure and there are 100 or
around there no I mean the Disney Infinity here
Van Van easily 2000 too eh
And now what the [ __ ] do I do with a display case
full of Disney Infinity figures with
another display case full of figures of a
bunch of
things I don't know the truth I mean I would
sell it eh but of course this sells that sells I mean that is
bought that someone is going to buy it It
's that nobody is going to buy that no one is going to buy it
no Oh and the first thing you do is your
fault Javi But leave one to remember
where you come from but if everything is recorded
simo and in 1000 videos and in a lot of
things man that will remain forever
man It's that I don't have it I don't have anywhere to
put it what the hell do I do with all
this
you know what the hell do I do your children will like it
in the future they will buy it if
they like it, it is bought you understand but no  I see it I do
n't see it the truth I don't see it the
truth I don't see it I
see it now look at you eh
look at you that I always said these I will
never sell this it will be my inheritance I did
n't say with so much love no
bua
Ricky has been in redpill there will be
jewels Yes yes I already have a click to put
on
Twitter buah I'm not going to tell you in advance
but I have a plan I have a
plan I have a plan for the
main channel something nice well
beautiful with all that do a raffle with the
crab face with a money tongue face with a
money tongue a
raffle if someone if someone
suggests an idea to me the truth if someone
suggests an idea to me I listen to it because the
truth is that I have no
idea is that the truth is that I have no
idea I'm
going to bring you something in these days
okay I'm going to bring you something in these
days
currita that I don't know eh the truth eh I
have no idea I have no idea but
I'm there pi pi let's see surely in the
end what I'll end up doing will be
putting them up for sale somewhere
I'll look  on the internet some place that has
these things that surely there are and to
sell them eh Because the thing is that I'm not one to
accumulate And accumulate accumulate accumulate you
know the things that are of no use go out
or in other words save in the end you forget
Imagine that I keep all this in a
storage room well
a lot of things are going to be forgotten in the storage room but for it's
my fault it's your fault to be morbid
eaters and then every time you have a
relationship with someone they cheat on you it's
your fault let's see tell me with tell me with
who with what mine morbidities tell me one one one one
me and when I don't know but you make
jokes you make jokes with double meanings
and then you have the 12 year old kids who
already generate a bond do you understand a joke
with double meaning that I have made
in my life milik mentioned that she doesn't
do the Stories with any double
meaning and that they simply fit in
the moment this guy gets married with a
story that I always upload it's not
my problem either and it's not something that I look for
stories I upload every day and they are not
with intentions of or with doing  something
bad or rather I'm telling you the day the day the day
we recorded the egg thing I even
uploaded a meme that my
stomach hurt because I ate too much chocolate and there I
'm not making a mess or not but you
know what happened delos he's going to say that
you're bankrupt for selling those things
because I bought them look at Stitch he
already has it he might want The Little Mermaid
and him and the Mickey and look how I was
about to buy another Mickey
this size recently it seems small
up there Eh but it's like this I mean it seems
small up there but it's like this I'm going to bring it
back from Paris don't you see the queel and I
was about to buy the
same one recently but of the steamboat like this in
black and white and with it and with it with the
ship's command you know Thank goodness I didn't
buy it because of course I see it I see it
in the ctio Oh how beautiful How beautiful I
want to have it I take it and then I
shove it up my
ass nothing these things are to see them in
a museum to have the one Maybe the
house is one thing you know but to have the
house as if it were  Disney Iceland the
truth is that neither, I mean, I don't want to
turn this into an office for
a 40-year-old man, I mean, you
understand me. Look, this isn't the
first time that this is what happened when I went up to
the bathroom, I swear to you that I've uploaded several stories in that
bathroom and that time I know it
in my
head. It's not my fault that they insult me and
piss me with every man I have a relationship with. You're
not to blame for anything good, but you
just said it. Then
retract it like I retracted it, you said that she
's morgo, mica, you're not to blame for
anything. But knowing the context and being
an intelligent woman, you know the context, what
context, if it was during the day, I uploaded the story during the
day, it was during the day,
but it was 2 in the afternoon, and then she
started saying that she only
uploaded normal stories and that people
gave it that connotation, something that bothered
kcu because they were going to attack him for her
crying on her Stream, people
distort it and they insult us, that's the
last thing I want, guy, don't have
problems because you're an idiot. Well, but then
no  say it's my fault because you say so
and it makes me feel bad I'm going to look for it it was during the
day the story I mean I didn't do it like
saying Uh I had sex guys look at me
Well it was a normal story at 4 in
the afternoon and then I uploaded one of taglia eh
but mica is normal but it's normal for me
mica no no at no time you just
said that it was my fault I took it down
because then people joke about me eh it
comes across as a joke no no it's not a joke I mean it makes me feel bad that people All the time they're going to joke about me people are going to joke about me because I blamed my Lic That's my life a person comes and takes a picture in the bathroom they
break my balls they break her balls I
try to defend her by explaining to her
why they joked about us and that person
starts to cry and they joke about me
again and say that I'm a sexist an
oppressor a son of a [ __ ] because the context is not
going to be the whole explanation of what
happened the context is going to be tears
they are going to put a zoom on the  tear of a thousand
and a thousand cries in Stream Then I already
came to it and it's for I felt bad because I
remembered tod talk about the subject commenting
that his community wanted to defend him
attacking him for a clip where she
messed with him so he asked not to
defend him anymore that the subject was already
closed and this clip that had 30
responses And when are you going to have a snack with
San caser is from here
caser or rather but laguneta this one hasn't
even met her in person I don't remember
ugly Vero Thank you very much sweetheart a
kiss I mean he didn't even meet her
in person kiss Vero I'm very well
and
you did see her yes it was seen listen to me Listen
to me I'm going to help Dee get out
place we put up a
campaign subscribe
subscribe let's ccu a tweet so that
Santi caseros gets out of caseros Yes stop
him I gave a corso to someone who has two
minds well eh I don't know he said that he said that that does
n't bother me the truth But well
and they all started cursing dude they
all started  to curse better I
speak because I end up in jail you have to go
out and curse don't forget mommy I don't know
what this chick is with the same subject
already kid already let loose a little already I
love you all so much for defending me
because I put Thank you for defending me
community but I'm antibo already
guys already I mean you can't be
aware of everything you guys already you can't
watch all the clips that you have
against me already already already let's
get on with life already already put that
because it's your mission I mean I'm going to
make a person change their mind and
say no Look, I'm the poor thing
And you don't already I don't give a damn and
what do you think about all this do you think that Milica
is a victim or a
fame seeker I think she's a fame seeker but not
because they made it clear to me here
in the video something new
eh surely there are many more
relationships of this type of milica but
I don't know you know the typical one that you
can be wrong eh Of course eh but you
know the typical one that someone gives you like
a  impression what do you say about the stick
that you're going no but it's very obvious it's very
obvious it's very obvious also I never find her maybe you do it you're
going to kill me in the chat or whatever eh
but I never find her every time I
run into her it's because of something of her with
someone that she hooked up with someone you
know I mean I never find a
job of hers because you can
find people who maybe a
little bit climber that in the end we have to
be we dedicate ourselves to this no I mean we
want to grow we want to climb you
can find someone who is a
little bit climber but then you find a
good job Hey look I made this
a great video Hey a great
live Hey a great documentary Hey hey
Look what thing no and she does things what
happens is that she climbs to promote herself
to have a showcase but of course she
's n more than she wants the showcase she doesn't
do anything for herself so that
gives me a little bit of a
setback no also you sent me what time is
2:05 let's see did you send me yet  a
few more things this is a
Renegade video about a
[Music]
controversy about a controversy
involving gubel It's been a long time since I
Javi I can eat your mouth Yes man
of course Carol Thank you very much
and it's been a long time since I saw anything from
guivel But because the truth
[Music]
um sincerely every time they send me
a clip of him it's like insulting me
even to this day I mean how many months could have
passed that months we're not
talking about months 100% no reneg Well I don't really
watch all of Renegade's videos because the truth is he talks about a
lot of topics that I have no [ __ ] idea but
when it's about something like that that I know about
gibel or one of these on some
occasion on some trip on some road
whatever I've put it on and he gives him
tremendous pape adas or rather tremendous
paparazzi because of course it seems that he
follows him it seems that he has him spotted And it seems
that he knows things I didn't even know when to
debate with this guy But man you guys
honestly you see that here I have
gotten involved with this kid again or
something  the
Bel style of That's right guibel ah
Well I don't know you sent me this one to look at you
sent me to look at this one but
[Music]
no That's right
gubel you sent me this one because he's
involved in a controversy in which
apparently a friend of gubel has
doxxed someone no the stutterer
was insulting you last chat no
no but almost all of these chats they
insult me or they bring me up in the
middle it's not almost always yes yes it's like
constant It's like I don't [ __ ] with
no It's true that it fell on me because I
insulted I laughed at sel and I messed with
uncle shur At that moment and now
with me It's like free bar
no no no well okay
nothing yesterday we laughed at the Renegade and it got
worse
Hello I didn't feel like a smell of
[ __ ] he got into a fight with this one
too I didn't feel like a smell of
me he went to get
closer he went to well it's more Look I
'll tell you more the last interaction that I
had with him
eh was that I warned him to  that they don't ban him
Javi I've seen all the talk shows and they
speak well of you well on some occasion
talk Hi my tasty old man a kiss How are you
Yo Look a few months ago
they told me that the talk shows were like
two or three it was still about something
about me okay and I don't remember what
topic I was busy with back then I do
n't know if it was with Fran with the
Thailand thing I don't remember but I was
like really busy and I saw like crazy things
that people were sending me but then it
's true that there were like a
few weeks when they sent me things
that were more or less good I think I think
Ibel saying like we
should invite Javi I don't know when I
said Yeah man [ __ ] I'm going to go to a
place that's been around all day calling me
dog insulting me and stuff like that no And
now then yesterday or the day before yesterday I think it was they
sent me another one again eh ag
guibel telling me I'm [ __ ] I don't remember
but oh again insulting how But if
I this guy the last time that the
last time that  I
contacted him the last time I contacted him
not that I had an interaction with him was
writing to uncle sh and to a
Twitter account that I thought
was him to warn him not to
ban him when I got banned and now
I find that he is insulting me
and it's like this guy what have I done to him
what's wrong with him deo we did
n't put all of the Perico Team
yes and no no but this one gives him some
tremendous chins
eh Oh the Renegade He's annoying me
that Jav Oliveira sucks I pay attention to meago
since he sucks But when have you sucked
Javi Oliveira But when have you sucked
Javi Oliveira
man I thought that was like a meme
no I mean it was like the meme
eh Like in an ironic way to tease or
something but I think that he took it
like seriously no the people who told him
that he had sucked was in a way to
contradict me and taking out of
context a click in which I did it like
that because he wasn't understanding
Nothing what  I was talking to him I
think it was about the slander, no,
he told me something like no, then
Dallas has also slandered because I don't
remember what the [ __ ] it was but it
was a move So he neither understood nor
understood they already cut the ci
these accounts and and for
adante and and the people who told him that were
people who hadn't even seen the
debate I had a
post prepared somewhere that was late to me I think it
was from Instagram a post
Okay
and and I didn't even publish it because the debate
was already I don't know how long ago you know I'm laughing so hard
at what he uploads but he's obsessed
because the
sens you s sensitive you don't lacquer yourself like that
allusion to his little
feelings what is this about the
Renegade having been angry for two weeks well sorry
two weeks not one week and he
tells you so calmly the guy who spends
hours days weeks and months talking about
Dallas And Javi Oliveira Oh the Renegade He
's annoying me that Javi
Oliveira is eating or I'm laughing so hard at what he
uploads but he's obsessed because he
laughs and he got
burned he tells you the guy who reacts to
most whistled hater of the trends but when they
do it to him what is this about the
Renegade being angry for two weeks well sorry
two weeks not one week he
graciously tells you what he can't
say to his friend nter because obviously
since gbel is a coward he doesn't have the
balls to tell the other clown his truth
because he happened to say this about Javi
damn I want you I want you Javi I
no I'm not a hater It's more I supported you
with what was happening with Juanjo
blog with Juanjo blog I saw Oh let's see I
knew that he was like a big follower but
in the time of
2019 and that kind of things not like 2019
the lords of when well and Dallas I
mean they sent me click after the debate
like he was like a big follower of
Dallas he supported Dallas in almost everything it's
over But are you going to tell me gossip
Renegade or what saying this about Javi
Olivera we can affirm that literally
nobody wants to be near Javi
Oliveira except for three friends that he has
left no I'm not going to sign
that but someone came to give me
context  about that
someone put me in context about
that well let's not put the same thing because
speaking of cowards we are going to listen to
gel sensible review that will explain to us in
more detail What happened today G I invite him to
a debate to the Renegade that is out
of context and What was the
context nobody wants to be next to
Javi
Oliveira the Bolivian always
defends you Javi Yes I already know that yes I
know that
Ah it was after the debate
Well but well live I invited him to
a debate and he said No I have to
have clips prepared look at the last one that
had clips prepared and he wanted to grab me
half moved he came out
shorn but but he lives in that
reality he lives in that
reality but if this guy I don't know
anything I mean if I had clips prepared I
had here at hand what we were going to see about the
Delox issue his master Delox By the way no I don't
know if Gibel will have talked about
that the restraining order was a
lie that the
thing about Andorra the police station that
closed at 3 in the afternoon
about the 10 bullets of Delo that didn't
exist the  raet in jail The thing about
raed inventing delox's hitmen the thing
about delox
inventing serene was
also serene I don't know if it was delos or the
other one I mean
where are all those things that
were the ones that I
defended but he says no the one who caught me
with a prepared clip cl puts this one that
follows you and knows you and that has the
controversy with you I don't even run into you I mean I think
the first time I ran into him was
with the Ay issue I had a debate with
him but I don't remember what kind of outrage he
did At that time no but it was
a good debate the first time it went up
I was with
delox the chat show tomy respects you and sur
doesn't have an opinion the others always throw [ __ ]
and sel if they laugh at things about
you Sur not so much but they always
send me clips like they're throwing them at
me no and it's like I don't I don't say
anything to them here I can't stop laughing
because he says that the last one the last one who
prepared a clip left shorn but he
tells you so calmly as if these
videos  from here they would not exist again and again
we are witnessing how
he contradicts himself and is more so
witnesses How do I get shorn with this
K Okay then people have to
call you delox's dog Why
Because I said he was my friend and I
got along well I'm going to tell you something And this
is the most sincere opinion that I'm going to
give you I don't trust any crypto bro
for me all crypt Bros have
weird things behind them because for me
the whole cryptocurrency thing Rosa the scam
many times I'm going to explain something to you
because I think that many times on the
internet we use the word friendship very
lightly look at the last one who had
clips prepared and wanted to grab me It's that
I don't know these things this
moved guy came out shorn
Oh yes yes I prepare the clips and I
put them in the debate it's cleaner than the
streams of your friend La
Galera of your friend La
Galera but gibel is a friend of La
Galera you already with gibel you have to laugh so you do
n't cry man he [ __ ] himself the
man who supposedly doesn't [ __ ] himself
[ __ ] himself the worst thing is that he said they're going to  to do
if he is a friend of La Galera I am going to pass on
this I thought it was gossip that you
had sent me about I don't know what about doxing
But if it's my stuff with him and all
that I'm not going to pay attention to it again the
truth is I mean it's very heavy it's very heavy I mean realize that
without realizing
without mentioning it eh realize that I do
n't know what happened
but apparently there is something with a
doxing with a friend of his that doado I don't know
who hasn't moved it Exactly I don't
know the move exactly but if it's
this type of things I don't know yes Javi continue
further but it's that if they are things
about me I thought it was something like that so I could
find out about the gossip of the gossip you know
But if they are things about me I don't want to
pay attention to this
because you know what I'm telling you if it does
n't already tell me anyone And on top of that
rold lies to you this if you can consider this a
threat we are going to find rold I just
want to get this guy's attention he
threatened me terribly terribly what
literally  upload things that I already
apologized for I already clarified you uploaded that you
threatened I
already clarified when he made a video on
Twitter victimizing himself and I clarified
everything, I mean, he interpreted the threat as if it
were
good for you to file a complaint that you should file a
complaint you told him It
would be good to see each other It would be good to
talk chat get together
rold this This if you can consider it a
threat we will find you rold as we
can hear they rectify and he is not
proud of it it
was Elo who had a clip prepared and
wanted to grab me nothing I'm over this thing I'm over
this thing guys we are
very we are really chill we
are really chill
grandpa take that off But why
But why are you getting like this but why are
you getting like
this no Let's see, it's that he believes that it was a
move about something about a doxing that they had
done it's that I don't know why you
sent me that a doxing that they had doxed
someone and
that and like gibel was his friend but
not that the video will be about  from gbel and
I
sincerely
sincerely in case we go see the gossip
that has happened with saselandia No, we
can see what we have left Ah well that's
one more little thing and we go okay eh
but about sasel [ __ ] It's that here what
happens is that it's dangerous Wait a
moment I haven't checked let's see
apparently sasel has had another
conflict resolved that's it Oh [ __ ] what
was guibel talking to me over there on
the speaker no
eh I apparently sasel has
had another controversy with this
girl but I don't know why we're going to
be here I remember the moans in the
background man the last time we saw
sasel if I'm not mistaken it was like it was like
Here no here he didn't have a debate with
utbh not here
that even if she doesn't believe it I have been
protecting her from everything and
everyone for 7
years he has been protecting her very
actively
from everything and everything for 7 years but
someone put me in context or so
why suddenly again I mean
why  he's going out with her
again and you know it perfectly well you
know it perfectly well you
know part of it perfectly well I've been let's say
I deserve a
gold statue I
deserve I deserve a
diamond statue I deserve a
diamond statue listen to me I deserve a
diamond statue no and then
simply that Maria should be very
careful with the friends that she has made
now that she should be very careful with the
people that she
surrounds herself with because when things go wrong
when they really go wrong they are not
going to be there that's obvious that's
clear they are not going to be
there and with that you have to be very
careful with that you have to be very
careful
because she thinks that she's fine I don't
know I don't know very well what she thinks
that she can I don't
know I understand it eh I understand it
perfectly
but she has to be very careful in
that sense
not the people that surround her No they are not going to
want to help her
precisely they are going to want to take advantage
of her in a very bad way
and simply that uh what
happened this afternoon in
Maria's live well it was one of those people that
I say that is
advising quite quite quite
bad quite
bad in short to such an extent that she
sued him for
discrimination is that Maria has to
know Well the haters who have been
insulting her for 7 years for 7 years
and the moderator she had was
doing absolutely
nothing and the moderator she had was
nothing and they were there talking
eh several haters who for years
have said everything to her They have said everything to her
but absolutely everything
for 7
years and of course they have
warned me I say well I don't want it now I say I
Leave me
alone but I have seen that I say [ __ ]
man for God they are insulting you
a lot So that one that they are not
what I was saying about protecting her no
that she is trusting you in the hands of a
shitty moderator who is a profiteer who is a
son of a [ __ ]
and Jam my that she has an amount
of haters that is not even normal as I say they have
been insulting you to death
for 7 years and they still continue to
insult you that your moderator who you think
is your friend knows it perfectly well
knows how perfectly those people are and has not
done nothing and that's why and that's why I say
but Mimi says well with the virgin the
conversion is certain I hope you know what
Mimi says sa what
I say before leaving there from Granada I took I
took inside
so that things would go
well and also of course for my
kitties for Ori and for
Sipo what I did
was
uh
purify purify completely a
rosary
purify it I gave it all the prayers
there were and for
having a little bit of this gossip too
not a little Z Z Z not a little
setillero trust you that I got distracted
here with a with a video of a lady
Boy but for that
girl ch it already went very viral no another
video of this same girl
[Music]
no Javi look at mafian TV my doctor
in jail the What What is that Hey but
things are a bit of gossip that I do
n't see don't be
things are a
bit things are a bit that I don't see don't
look at the brand what he released man look at
the brand what he released today brand
Abi charges against Javi  oliveira
Clone bread and Wall Street Wolverine are the
Skull Trio of Twitter insel
wasp nest ge but but what do we do what do
we do to stir up the wasp nest if I'm [ __ ]
chill but if I just if I just
avoided a
controversy I just avoided two let's see
what the hell is this mafia TV thing let's
see
tell me what the hell is this mafia on tv thing how
How No man but to
jail Whatever they
are on mafia TV on Wednesday we're going to
have an interview with an
extremely
important person God of my life but how many
years has it been since we saw this man
who is going to explain to us why Mister
doctor could end up in
preventive detention as a
precautionary measure he could
even be linked to the process without
being in preventive detention also
this means that they can link him
to the process for an extremely serious crime
that in this video I'm going to explain to you and
that is extremely evident and transparent it is
worth mentioning that this individual
called Mr. doctor appeared at the
prosecutor's office this individual appeared eh
Jorge Octavio n that's how we're going to mention him
Jorge Octavio n well his name is not Mister
doctor I  I know the last name of this
individual but with how delicate
the situation is getting I think we have to
start referring to him
as Jorge n because he is already accused
in various complaints lufian not
only in a complaint filed by
Marifer Centeno I also send a big
hug to the entire Jewish community of
Mexico not only in Mexico but
internationally I know that this individual
named Jorge n better known as Mr.
doctor has insulted and hurt the
Jewish community on more than one occasion
mentioning that he wants to send all
the Jews to a new
concentration camp alluding
precisely to the camps that at that
time in Germany in old
Germany Well they were and served to
hurt the Jews and
indeed on more than one
occasion this individual has mentioned that he
wants to send various women from the
Jewish community with the man with the little
mustache alluding precisely to
Adolf Hitler This is something delicate and
there is a complaint separate from that of Marifer
Centeno since
2023 since August 2023
ruffians were in a bad position in the
devan case  Vero final a little less August
September October November December
since January 2023 At 6:00 p.m.
this complaint is filed January 2023 Here we are going
to see some of the documents so that
you can effectively
realize everything that we are going to talk about
in this video, which is extremely delicate,
as you well know, this individual
named Jorge my doctor, eh, Hi, the [ __ ]
vitamins, face rolling with laughter,
face rolling with laughter, face rolling with laughter, face rolling with laughter, face
rolling with laughter, something is
wrong with you, but the thing is
[Music]
that a jail seems like something to me,
this sounds familiar, aads, ima, this sounds familiar, AF
fads, ima, a video a few months ago, a
few days ago against Marifer Centeno,
a video called lose weight with
your lyrics went viral, this video, I
can't deny it, it went viral
because this individual effectively, eh,
spoke quite loudly and
quite badly against Marifer
Centeno and I understand that this individual,
obviously, well, feels, doesn't
feel  with the right to criticize, to
insult, to harm and obviously
even to hurt people
through his videos I understand that this
individual called Mr. Doctor may have
his talent and may have
some type of information that
audiences may know, however, there
is a very thin line between being
disrespectful and actually being able to
generate a crime that could be
effectively classified within an
investigation file. This individual
spends his time saying that his lawyer is the
cousin of Ins Gmez Mont and that
absolutely nothing is going to be done to him for
the comments he makes on his
YouTube channel. kiss Carlos it was discovered that Mr.
Doctor killed Serene I can see that
I'm going to eat
a 40-minute mess here that is not going to
lead to anything. First he supported the girl's father,
then when the father no longer
paid attention to him, he blamed him for the death
of his daughter
What is that? Neither one nor the other.
Well, because Noa doesn't even fall too
well, Marifer,
but neither one nor the other,
guys, let's turn off El Chiringuito and
we're going to sleep here and we're going to sleep here
mimir that eh that the gossip is going on I'm turning off
over here because of the kids eh I mean it's
off eh it's off eh it's very chill it's very chill it's very chill it's very chill
since the thing with
auron and gemita it's been a little chill
the
truth What are the latest songs that
we've released
[Music]
in What are the latest songs that
we've released
in in the
main there have been times of very very very
strong not of things and now it
's like everything
very yes what auron and gemita was the one that
got really messed up it was the last thing with
auron And gemita was what got really messed up big
guys a huge kiss Thank you so much
for having accompanied me
and I'll see you well I don't know if tomorrow or the day
after
okay a kiss handsome